# Project 6
## Lease Finder

### Roles
* Overall Project Manager: Juhee Park
* Coding Manager: Jasmohan Bawa
* Testing Manager: Daniel Lim
* Documentation: Lang Xu

### Contributions
Please list who did what for each part of the project.
Also list if people worked together (pair programmed) on a particular section.

Jasmohan Bawa: Worked on the page for each indvidual sublet post. This includes using information from sublet post, property, and review, and bringing it all in together onto one comprehensive page. Also started off with the use of Bootstrap for design, especially with the use of cards.

Juhee Park: Worked on the landing page. This includes displaying all the current, available sublet posts, and creating multiple ways to filter and sort these results. Also worked on the navbar that is visible on every page. 

Daniel Lim: Worked on the student account page and the new sublet post page. This includes displaying the student information in the account page and letting the student destroy and edit the page. Also, in the student page, it includes the sublet post that the student has created in cards. In the cards, it allows the student to destroy, edit, or to see the sublet post. 

Lang Xu: Worked on the sign-up, log-in&out features of the web app. These include creating separate session controller code for login and logout, creating separate view pages for session controllers. Used Bcrypt to authenticate student and landlord accounts upon login. Introduced new columns to the model to enable password digest. Added Flashing error messages for false information upon login, edit and signup. Used Bootstrap to maintain a desirable filling form for login, signup and edit accounts pages. Added new customized session helper methods.

Ern Chi Khoo: Worked on the landlord account page and all it's related pages. Worked on the views for these pages, including the display of the properties associated with the landlord.  Worked on the edit and delete landlord pages and it's functionality and the add, edit and delete properties pages and it's functionality. 

As a Group: The team worked together, all pair programming, on choosing a color scheme, and making design edits to all pages. If a page has no documentation, that means it was auto-generated by the scaffolding and was not touched by a member of the team.

### How to Run Web App
1. Clone Repository
2. Enter directory `leaseFinder/`
3. Run `bundle install` to install any missing gems
4. Run command `rake db:migrate` to build the database
5. Run command `rake db:reset` to get the seed data
6. Visit `localhost:3000` in Firefox, and you should be on our home page

If any unexpected issues arise, please contact the Groovy Ruby Support Team and we would be happy to assist you in setting up the Web App

### How to Execute Test Cases
Testing documentation is written in text files in the `leaseFinder/test/` directory

You can also run our unit tests by going to the `leaseFinder` directory and using the command `rails test`

### Presentation
The presentation powerpoint slides is called `Project 6 Presentation.pptx` and located in the project root directory.
Here is a [link](https://osu.box.com/s/p85t1lvrzs5mionrfxsfyqnbzaakte8f) to the presentation video. The video was too large to upload to GitHub, so it is on BuckeyeBox. Please let us know if the video is for some reason unaccessible and we will fix it!
